[DOC-1243] Added a `llms.txt` file for docs (#30730)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/static/llms.txt

## Comparisons

- [vs PostgreSQL](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/faq/comparisons/postgresql/): Same SQL, distributed storage and replication
- [vs CockroachDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/faq/comparisons/cockroachdb/): Both Spanner-inspired; YugabyteDB has broader PG extension support
- [vs Amazon Aurora](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/faq/comparisons/amazon-aurora/): Aurora is single-region primary; YugabyteDB is multi-region distributed
- [vs Google Spanner](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/faq/comparisons/google-spanner/): Spanner is proprietary; YugabyteDB is open source with PG compatibility
- [vs MongoDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/faq/comparisons/mongodb/): Document vs relational; YugabyteDB offers stronger consistency
- [vs TiDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/faq/comparisons/tidb/): TiDB is MySQL-compatible; YugabyteDB is PostgreSQL-compatible
- [All Comparisons](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/faq/comparisons/): Full list

## Contribute

- [Contribute to the docs](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/contribute/docs/): How to submit documentation changes

> - [Contribute to YugabyteDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/contribute/): Code and documentation contribution guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Contribute to YugabyteDB](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/core-database/): How to build YugabyteDB from source and contribute to the open-source YugabyteDB project
```
